From other files
----------------

I had my first seizure on August 21st 2018, in Larry’s truck, waiting for 3 pm so I could sneak into the food bank looking like someone that was dropping off donations.  It was the 4th time I had gone since Suzanne flew back to Europe at the beginning of July.

I shit myself, lost time, had trouble standing and seeing (most likely a mini-stroke - Walter Ohrt use to get them).  I didn’t have health care - didn’t have residency - Rosanne wouldn’t allow it - wouldn’t allow me to go to doctors or dentists.  She threatened to kill Larry if I did anything to get help, or food, or medication.

The food bank staff had known me since I was 7.  They knew what I was doing and why.  They put all of Larry’s food in a box with my name on it.  They brought it to the door for me.

I went straight to Dennis - to speak with him before Rosanne could get home.  I still had shit in my pants.

I went to tell Dennis goodbye.  Social Services was going to send me to Halifax, to possibly live in a shelter - I had been setting that up since Suzanne left - or more likely to check into a hospital.

I went to tell Dennis I would come back - no matter what - for the moose hunt.  My license was taking Brad, Sabrina, Dennis and Del to Cape Breton with me in October.

I went to promise him I wouldn’t screw up the moose hunt.
---------------------------------

Rosanne was told about the seizures that same week but she had no time to really act on the information, Dustin arrived in early September 2018 and left in mid October.

From Mid October 2018 to April 2019, I was beaten at almost every supper Rosanne attended.  It was part of her ritual - to frighten Dennis and Tammy - because I took those beatings without saying anything.

Rosanne beat me until I seized multiple times a week.  She beat me until I shit myself at the table several times a month.

She screeched and screamed and shrieked at me every night, after Larry went to bed, when it was just her and I in her kitchen (her kitchem ritual) - that she didn't care if I died, didn't care if I killed myself, didn't care if she killed me.  She screeched and screamed and shrieked that I was getting what I deserved.  That if I was going to shit myself like Larry - I'd be treated like Larry.  That if I was going to shit myself like Larry - I could wear his diapers.

I replied in my same deadpan, quiet voice, that if she beat me into the seizure that kills me, if she beats me into the stroke that kills me, my autopsy will send her to prison.

Rosanne would only scream that she didn't care if she beat me until I seized, until I stroked, she didn't care if I ended up in a chair like Cathy (Larry's sister - also Huntington's), she didn't care if I ended up in a bed like Izzy (another family friend, distant family member and Rosanne's housekeeper).

My seizures got worse and more frequent as starvation and lack of medication / medical treatments, did exponential amounts of nerve and brain damage.
