I wrote my siblings for a month (2017) - and ended up trafficked and kidnapped by the very pedophile I had written directly and told not to contact me, not to have anything to do with me or my return to Canada.

It's in writing, to my siblings, I had life threatening injuries; early stages of multiple organ failure and malnutrition.

It's in writing, to my siblings, I had not had life saving medication in years, that I had 3 terminal medical issues from childhood and was at an extreme risk of suicide.

It's in writing, to my siblings, that my trip to Canada is most likely one way - that I'm coming to Beach Meadows for only a month or 2 before going to Ontario.

In 2017 Rosanne refused to allow me to take my medication.  That is why a year of medication, bought in April 2017, had one injection left in June 2018.  That's the injection Rosanne swore she'd kill Larry if I took it - if I went to doctors - if I did anything except tell her lies.

In 2017 Rosanne refused to allow me to seek medical help for malnutrition and organ failure.  She refused to allow me to do the paperwork and taxes to obtain my residency and health care.  Rosanne only let me go in August 2017 when she thought I was going to die in her house - because I continued to get sick while being forced to live in her house and care for Larry from April 2017 - August 2017.

The continued decline in my health, while being held by Rosanne in 2017 (April to Aug) exasperated my malnutrition and organ failure.

Dennis and Dell will remember laughing at me and teasing me for my inability to do basic tasks while dipping kiack in May 2017.

One of the new issues - that persists to this day because the accumulation of deformities and disabilities is permanent.

One of the new issues from my captivity in 2017 is the tremor and nerve damage in my left hand and arm.

Maybe people remember - maybe not.  No one asked about it.  The tremor, nerve damage and intense pain in my left hand and arm showed up in June 2017.  I can go days or weeks without it or I can be cripple for hours at a time, day after day, for weeks.

Normal triggers can set it off but it is not an essential tremor (fancy name for normal, age related, tremors).

My left hand/arm tremor and pain is triggered most often by emotional pain and psychological stress.
