Responding to Family Questions - Feb13 to Feb 16th 2022

I have been swamped with RCMP, lawyers and related issues for over a month - most of it stemming from my testifying (July 22nd 2021) in regards to the threats of two mass shootings in Liverpool last year in an unrelated matter that escalated to a direct attempt on my life in from Aug - Nov 2021. This is what I use to do for a living and I am furious with the RCMP for forcing my involvement when all I wanted was to crawl into a hole and die without ever explaining anything.


From Feb 13th to Feb 16th 2022

I have been contacted by only 2 family members - who asked the same question - Please call ?.

I do not know if the others don’t know, don’t care, have or have not read, don’t believe or whatever else.

Today I am left to simply guess what you want to know.

Some will want to know about my health and impending death.

You need to read about David Reimer - the only other person like me - that is common knowledge.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Reimer

You need to understand that David’s injuries were instantaneous and a medical accident.

- Mine were beaten into me over 11 years by Karen, Rosanne and Wilhelmina’s bare hands and their desire to break a child who reported them for childabuse the month after Suzanne and John Paul were taken the first time.

You need to understand that David’s injuries were soft tissue injuries - and his normal, healthy brain and body were chemically altered to match what doctors thought would be best.

- My injuries are brain damage - and all other systems - soft tissue, skeletal, nerve etc all accumulate deformities and disabilities the longer I live with that brain damage.

- It was later that doctors altered my brain and body chemistry to what they thought was best.

You need to understand that David’s injuries weren’t medically life threatening - that he committed suicide from depression, trauma, PTSD and the physical pain of the medication he took.

- My injuries have always been terminal - 3 terminal conditions at 18 - I’ve been told since 19 I would struggle to see 40.

- My 4th terminal issue - starved and beaten into me by Rosanne in just a few months from 2017-2018.

- I live in constant pain and always have.  I refuse all narcotics because of Karen and Rosanne's histories with prescription drug addictions.

- I've never had corrective or other surgeries.  From 1992 to 2017 I've spent $440k on medication and medical treatments to simply live with injuries until my death.  There are no mortgages for medical treatments.  I pay for what I can afford - or I go without.

My medical treatments are 4 times what John Paul and Katherine paid for their first property, house and furnishings.  That isn't jealousy on my part.  I'm am as proud of them - as I am of the life I've lead.  Their new house is what I spent in a quarter century.  That is likely how long their mortgage will last.  Suzanne and Danielle have similar expenses.  No jealousy - only pride in what my siblings have accomplished.

You need to understand that David had the loving support of a family and medical system that was trying to help him - and his experience - going through this once - ended his life just from pain and loneliness.

- I have never had either option.  I lived in a car for over a decade - because I couldn't afford food, shelter and medicine.  I had to pick 2.

- I worked contract work so I could travel across Canada and the US (in alternating years) to discuss my medical issues with doctors.  The internet didn't exist back then.  I had to show up in person and talk my way into meetings.  From 1992 to 2004 - it was Canada and the US.  From 2004 to 2017 it was internationally.

- I was threatened for 14 years (1980-1994) with the same starvation and sexual mutilations being done to Suzanne and John Paul if I ever told
anyone.

- I’ve been through this twice. 1980-1994 and 2017-2019. Rosanne’s first threat in 2017 - to duplicate my fatal childhood sexual mutilations - were carried out - in spades.

- My medical issues are the answer to almost everything anyone in my family has ever asked.

- Everyone remembers what I looked like in my childhood - how unrecognizable I am from those photos now.

From October 2018 - from the moment Dustin flew back to Australia - Rosanne would scream at Dennis every night - Look at him (Jeffrey), look at how he dresses.  Smell him.  I can't have him going to town, running my errands, looking and smelling like that.  I (Rosanne) have to do it all myself.  I have to do everything myself.

- It was all smoke and mirrors - Rosanne trying to justify not giving me food, money or gas to go to town.

- I was dressed in rags and rotting clothing - just as I was in the 1980s and 90s.  I smelled of decomp and death.  Rosanne was withholding food, hygiene products - all support - Dustin will have to testify to calling when he arrived in Australia - and my question was "Did you accidentally take all my underwear ?".  Rosanne screamed at me for months - "If you're going to shit yourself like Larry - you can wear his diapers.", "You don't deserve underwear, you don't deserve food, you don't deserve a fucking thing because you won't do what you're told."

I was in even worse shape / health than in 1992.

Karen blackmailed her way into my medical appointments in 1992 and lied in court later that year or in 1993.

Everyone has seen little snippets - Danielle sat on several thousand dollars in medication in 2005 - she might remember me snapping at her. That was back when all my meds came in the little snappable glass vials.

Uncle Paul / Aunt Becky will remember I stored almost $10k in medication in their house in 2010 for a few weeks. I told them what it was - just not what it was for. That was back when I was doing paperwork for a Saudi visa.

Suzanne told me bluntly in 2015 “Look at you - Look at how you dress - Look at how you live - I don’t believe you”. I was warning her not to lend Karen money as I had just paid off all her bills ($8k) - bringing the total Karen had borrowed to over $50k. I never explained to Suzanne - or anyone else - that I can afford food, shelter or medication - 2 but not all 3.

In 2016, Suzanne asked me again “What is wrong with you ? Is it hormonal ?” My answer was no. I never explained the brain damage - but Suzanne is the first sibling I told that I hunt people for my employers and the predators I hunt occasionally try to kill me.  Suzanne asked me never to discuss my work again.

The brain damage itself - is one of my terminal medical conditions.

The accumulation of deformities and disabilities is another. This is the one people see the most often - why the biggest mistake everyone makes - is to assume I am some fat, helpless, cripple.

By the time a predator has figured out I can't be threatened directly, they are in too deep, too committed to whatever criminal actions brought them this far.  They always, always, decide to try and cripple or kill me with what they know of my medical issues.  Rosanne and Karen are just 2.  Randy assaulted me with weapons for 18 months, threatened 2 mass shootings, tortured his wife in public and tried to kill me in August 2021, with what he learned from my courtroom testimony in July 2021.

Other issues that I have to upload but haven't had the time - I originally contacted Uncle Paul in 2014 when a predator I refused to hunt for my employers killed a student in Vietnam.  That man, Mike, came at me for my limp - the only thing he knew.  Uncle Paul will remember because that's the first time he told me that I must assume every phone call to his home is recorded and reviewed by the gov't because of Uncle Paul's employment.

Danielle will remember that when she came to visit me in Vietnam I warned her never to go near him.

Mike never threatened to kill me - because he didn't know.  Orin in China did though.  That's how I got held in China illegally by an American Christian organization.  Another situation that has to be uploaded when I have time.  None of this is limited to Karen and Rosanne.

I have and accumulate skeletal deformities that cause back problems. It’s why my arms and legs are apishly long compared to my torso - or why my head looks too small for my body.

I walk with a limp because I’ve stabbed, burned, crushed, set on fire and had gangrene in my right foot twice.

I walk with a limp because my left leg is shorter than my right.

I walk with a limp because of nerve damage in my legs and back.

None of this information is new - it's just spread throughout the family.

Karen got the collect call (I didn’t need money - I had to notify a family member to arrange a medical appointment in Canada - when I was in the US), back in 2002 when I broke my back. This was back when I was lending her money - trying to break her cycle of violence, naively believing it meant I could help my sisters.

John Paul got the collect call (I didn’t need money - I had to notify a family member of emergency surgery) when I thought I was coming home from Korea with my jaw in a box.

My partner got the collect call (I didn’t need money) when I broke my collar bone, hip and shattered 4 ribs in 2012.

Gary Morash got the emergency fax when I thought I needed a medical evac from Oman in 2013.

Uncle Paul got the phone call for advice in 2014 - when I was dealing with a pedophile that killed a child in Vietnam - while I was being held illegally in China.

I needed surgery in 2014 but was being threatened with Chinese prison for months in 2014/15 - I didn’t call anyone. That I handled on my own - not even my embassy was useful. Tom Raddall - the son - helped me out when I got back to Canada.  That's the summer I spent with Erlin and Dennis.  Erlin's last summer.

2016 - Saudi Arabia - multiple broken bones and a flesh eating fungal infection - didn’t call anyone.

There's likely countless more - I just can't remember them in the moment.

My siblings got the email in 2017 - when I needed money, medicine, a hospital stay and surgery.

I was deceived into the first 2 and the second 2 were withheld, under the threat of Larry being killed, because I wouldn't tell Rosanne's lies.
